When I walked in the door
I heard a girl say
Avenge his parents
What is he?
He was the one who pushed down Mr. Shen
Nonsense, I obviously never said such a thing
Why are you talking nonsense?
What did you just see?
I didn't see anything.
Time is not
You saw it.
You saw that woman push the old man down
What!
I am the son of the old man
I am the heir to the Shen family
If you dare to say a wrong word
Don't want to stay in the Shen family in the future
I I
I can't stand it.
Mr. Shen was killed by such a person
I don't have it.
So
Do you think
Grandpa forced your parents to commit suicide
Then you had a big fight with me
Running to my house to murder grandpa, right?
God listen
You don't believe me?